## JMC for Corretto

*JMC for Corretto* is a build of [JDK Mission Control (JMC)](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jmc/) by the Corretto team. It tracks the latest stable JMC release with extra patches to support the usage of the JDK Flight Recorder feature in Corretto releases including:

* Corretto 8.262.y.z or later
* Corretto 11.0.x.y.z or later

Check out the [JMC README.md](src/README.md) for more project details.

To contribute to the JMC project in the OpenJDK community, please refer to the [OpenJDK JMC contribution wiki](https://wiki.openjdk.java.net/display/jmc/Contributing).

### Use JMC for Corretto

#### Supported platforms

JMC for Corretto is supported on the following platforms:
* Linux (w/ GTK+ 3), x64
* macOS 10.10 or later, x64
* Windows 7 or later, x64

Please note that JMC is a client GUI tool for diagnosing and profiling JVM. It has the ability to connect to a remote-running Java process with JMX remote enabled and continuously monitor the JVM performance. It can also analyze the JFR profiling data generated by a different JVM on a distinct platform. Therefore, you can still leverage JMC features even when the target Java process to be monitored or profiled is not running on a JMC-supported platform.

#### Download

JMC for Corretto builds can be found on the [release page](https://github.com/corretto/corretto-jmc/releases) of this repostory.

#### Install and launch JMC

JMC is a GUI application. Make sure you are running on a proper GUI environment. A Java runtime (JDK or JRE) is required for launching JMC. Click the following links to download and install the latest [Corretto-8](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/corretto/latest/corretto-8-ug/downloads-list.html) or [Corretto-11](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/corretto/latest/corretto-11-ug/downloads-list.html) build.

* **Linux**

Please note that the following command will extract everything (10+ files and directories) to the current directory. Therefore, running the extraction command in an empty directory is recommended.

In a terminal window, run:
```
tar -xzf <path_to_amazon-corretto-jmc-linux-x64>.tar.gz
```

Launch JMC by running:
```
./jmc
```
or double-click the `jmc` icon in a file explorer.

* **macOS**

In a terminal window, run:
```
tar -xzf <path_to_amazon-corretto-jmc-macos-x64>.tar.gz
```

Launch JMC by running:
```
open JDK\ Mission\ Control.app
```
or double-click the `JDK Mission Control` bundle in the Finder. When double-clicking, you may be prompted to confirm that you want to launch a downloaded application. You can safely acknowledge the warning. To use the application in the LaunchPad, copy `JDK Mission Control.app` to `/Applications` in a terminal or the Finder.

* **Windows**

Right-click the downloaded zip and click `Extract All...` to extract everything from the archive. You can also use the Expand-Archive tool in a PowerShell window:
```
Expand-Archive -Path <path_to_amazon-corretto-jmc-windows-x64>.zip
```

Launch JMC by running the following command in a PowerShell window:
```
<jmc_extracted_path>\jmc.exe
```
or double-click the `jmc.exe` executable under the extracted path.

### Build JMC for Corretto

#### Prerequisites

* [Corretto-8](https://github.com/corretto/corretto-8/releases) or any OpenJDK8 distributions
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html)
* (Optional, used for docker build option) [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

#### Build wrapper

The `build.sh` wrapper script allows you to build JMC for Corretto locally or inside a docker on Linux or macOS. Try `./build.sh help` to explore build options.

When build is completed and successful, the artifacts are placed under the `build` directory.

### Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

### License

This library is licensed under the Universal Permissive License, Version 1.0.

